<!--Generated by Hairball, don't edit this file, instead edit the readme.hairball file (see below)-->

<header>Heroes of Myth & Legend Readme</header>

# Description


Heroes of Myth & legend is a tabletop role-playing game. This project includes the rules source and build infrastructure required to create the main rules documents, as well as the web application which implements the online character sheet and associated materials.

# Building HoML


HoML is built using Gradle. From the repository directory a local copy of the HTML rules text can be built by executing `./gradlew cleanLocal generateHoMLRules` . The resulting build is found in the directory build/pub under a subdirectory corresponding to the version. A zip archive is also automatically generated which is a fully self-contained version of the rules document.

In order to generate a local version of the web application use the target 'generateLocalSite' instead of 'generateHoMLRules', this will build the rules, the web application, and the Erithnoi document tree which is also included.

## Running the Site Locally


The gradle build file also contains a simple web server plugin, which can be started via `./gradlew startWebServer` . This will run on port 8080 and can be accessed via http://localhost:8080. Note that it will utilize the online FireStore database and authorization system, so you will have to log in to a valid account (but the local application can create these, just use the basic sign up procedure). Once logged in all the standard functionality present at https://www.giantelectronicbrain.com should be available, modulus whatever changes your code incorporates.
